
#Q What does the word cretin refer to?
^ An idiot
A Cyst on the brain stem
B None of these
C An idiot
D Swelling of the cerebrum caused by spinal fluid

#Q Leaves of Grass
^ Walt Whitman
A Carl Sandberg
B T.S. Eliot
C Robert Frost
D Walt Whitman

#Q At The Mountains of Madness
^ H.P. Lovecraft
A H.P. Lovecraft
B Peter Straub
C Edgar Allan Poe
D C.S. Lewis

#Q Ape and Essance; Eyeless in Gaza; Point Counter Point
^ Aldous Huxley
A J.D. Salinger
B Aldous Huxley
C Maya Angelou
D William Butler Yeatts

#Q 1984; Animal Farm
^ George Orwell
A Herman Hesse
B Rudyard Kipling
C George Orwell
D Aldous Huxley

#Q Return of the Native; Jude the Obscure; Far From the Madding Crowd
^ Thomas Hardy
A Thomas Hardy
B William Faulkner
C Rudyard Kipling
D James Dickey

#Q The Antichrist; The Gay Science; Beyond Good and Evil; Thus Spoke Zarathustra
^ Frederick Nietzche
A none of these
B Frederick Nietzche
C Amari Baraka
D Stephen King

#Q What language can Harry Potter speak?
^ Parseltounge
A Goblin
B English
C Mermish
D Parseltounge

#Q Cornelia Fudge is the Minister of Magic.
^ False
A False
B True

#Q Hermione was supposed to turn into this person after drinking the Polyjuice Potion.
^ Millicent Bulstrode
A Millicent Bulstrode
B Crabbe
C Millie Vanilli
D Pansy Parkins

#Q What was Hagrid buying in Knockturn Alley?
^ Flesh-Eating Slug Repellent
A Flesh-Eating Slug Attractor
B Fresh-Skin Slug Repellent
C Flesh-Eating Ant Repellent
D Flesh-Eating Slug Repellent

#Q This book by James Joyce was forbidden by the US authorities for 15 years, because it was considered obsene. The ban was lifted in 1933.
^ Ulysses
A Ulysses
B Portrait of the Artist
C Dubliners
D Fanny Hill

#Q This book about the life of a prostitute was written by John Cleland. It has been banned in the past due to frank sexual descriptions.
^ Fanny Hill
A Candide
B Lysistrata
C Fanny Hill
D Decameron

#Q This book tells the story of two women who meet and fall in love with each other. They openly declare their homosexuality to family and friends. Thats why the Kansas school system ordered the removal of all copies of this book from high school libraries.
^ Annie on My Mind
A Daddys Roommate
B Andersonville
C Annie on My Mind
D Catch 22

#Q This book led Austin Miles to the courts in 1992.  Miles was sued because his book was ...a vitriolic attack upon organized Christianity.
^ Dont Call Me Brother
A Leaves of Grass
B Dictionary of American Slang
C Jerusalem Delivered
D Dont Call Me Brother

#Q This book by Judy Blume was censored as it discussed adolescent sexuality in too much detail.
^ Forever
A Grapes of Wrath
B Lolita
C Freedom and Order
D Forever

#Q This book by George Orwell was banned as it was pro-communist.
^ 1984
A The Sun Also Rises
B Coming Up for Air
C 1984
D Deliverance

#Q This Lewis Carrolls work was banned in China because in it humans and animals used the same language.
^ Alices Adventures in Wonderland
A Sylvie and Bruno
B Alices Adventures in Wonderland
C Through The Looking Glass
D The Hunting of the Snark

#Q Its translation into local languages was forbidden in Burma.
^ The Bible
A The Quran
B The Cabala
C Arabian Nights
D The Bible

#Q This book was censored in 1985 in Cairo, Egypt as it contained obscene passages which posed a threat to the countrys moral fabric.
^ Arabian Nights
A Arabian Nights
B Don Quixote
C Analects
D Brave New World

#Q An edition of Miltons works was bound in:
^ Human skin
A Human skin
B Golden plates
C Bears fur
D Used newspapers

#Q Binding books with human hide was a common practice once. Why?
^ Because the narrative in the book was about the story of the hides owner
A Because of lack of any other proper material
B Because this sold the books more quickly than anything
C Because the narrative in the book was about the story of the hides owner
D Because it was fashionable at the time

#Q The name of Cruella de Vil from 101 Dalmatians is meaningful because:
^ She wants the puppies for their fur
A She actually likes cats and not dogs
B She is the owner of the dalmatians
C She doesnt give them any food
D She wants the puppies for their fur

#Q Who is the Shakespearean villain who had his own brother executed and innocent children killed because they were hindrances to his kingly ambition?
^ Richard III
A Edmund
B Richard III
C Aaron the Moor
D Othello

#Q According to psychologists villains in fairy-tales actually have an important role for the childrens mind formation, namely:
^ They help children decide what is bad
A They help children decide what is bad
B They make the story really funny
C They are interesting models of behaviour
D They always lose the battle

#Q The famous evil female Baba Yaga comes from:
^ Russian folklore
A A Norse legend
B An Uzbekistanian fairy-tale
C A Moroccan song
D Russian folklore

#Q Harry Potter is concidered malicious literature by some, because:
^ It is about witchcraft
A Most of its characters are strange beings
B Its characters are mainly clad in black clothes
C It comprises too many volulmes
D It is about witchcraft

#Q It turns out that people like reading about crime. The top-selling English-language author of all time is:
^ Agatha Christie
A Agatha Christie
B Ben Johnson
C Edgar-Allan Poe
D Virginia Woolf

#Q Who wrote about the early whodunit archetype, inspector Auguste Dupin?
^ Edgar Allan Poe
A Georges Sands
B Edgar Allan Poe
C Washington Irving
D Nathaniel Hawthorne

#Q Dr. Alex Delaware is the creation of which of these authors?
^ Jonathan Kellerman
A Jonathan Kellerman
B Kathy Reichs
C Faye Kellerman
D Ross McDonald

#Q Robert B. Parker completed Raymond Chandlers unfinished final novel, Poodle Springs.
^ True
A False
B True

#Q Kathy Reichs has written some great mysteries, where the primary character is Forensic Archaeologist, Kay Scarpetta.
^ False
A False
B True

#Q What is the name of Colin Creevys brother, who appears in the book Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix?
^ Dennis Creevy
A Carson Creevy
B Darian Creevy
C Dennis Creevy
D James Creevy

#Q Why was Hagrid missing in the beginning of Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix?
^ He went hunting giants.
A He went hunting unicorns.
B He went looking for Dumbleodre.
C He went looking for Sirius Black.
D He went hunting giants.

#Q What did Hermione do to Ron before she stormed out of the charms classroom in Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince?
^ She charmed little yellow birds to fly at Ron and peck him.
A She charmed a desk to fly over to Ron.
B She charmed pencils to fly and poke Ron.
C She charmed little yellow birds to fly at Ron and peck him.
D She charmed a chair to fly across the room at Ron.

#Q Draco Malfoy cries in a book of the Harry Potter series.
^ True
A True
B False

#Q Did Crabbe and Goyle ever become friends with Harry, Ron and Hermione in the Harry Potter books?
^ No
A Yes
B No

#Q Harry liked Cho in the book Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince.
^ False
A True
B False

#Q In Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone, before Harry went to fight Professor Quirrel and He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named, Hermione helped him with a task that involved what?
^ A set of potions sent from Professor Snape
A A chess set by Professor Flitwick
B An ancient textbook sent from Professor Binns
C A set of potions sent from Professor Snape
D A dragon sent from Hagrid

#Q What was the name of the handsome, selfish teacher in Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets?
^ Professor Gilderoy Lockhart
A Professor Gilderoy Lockhart
B Professor Godric Gryffindor
C Professor Severus Snape
D Professor Cedric Diggory

#Q In Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone, what was the password to the Gryffindor tower during Halloween?
^ Pig snout
A Pig snout
B Fairy lights
C None of these
D Zebras tail

#Q In Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone, who gave Nearly-Headless Nick the rejection letter from the Headless Hunt?
^ Sir Patrick Delaney-Podmore
A Sir Delaney Patrick-Podmore
B Sir Sturgis Podmore
C Sir Patrick Delaney-Podmore
D Sir Bloody Baron

#Q In the Harry Potter series, who created the Ravenclaw House when Hogwarts was built?
^ Rowena Ravenclaw
A Rowena Ravenclaw
B Ronald Ravenclaw
C Rowana Ravenclaw
D Ricky Ravenclaw

#Q What was the name of the child who delivered Ron his parcels in Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire?
^ Nigel
A Creevy
B Dennis
C Collin
D Nigel

#Q Filch is a wizard in the Harry Potter books.
^ False
A False
B True

#Q Who took over the Fat Ladys job after she was scared out of her portrait in Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban?
^ Sir Cadogan
A Sir Cadogan
B Trolls
C Sirius Black
D Sir Delaney Patrick-Podmore

#Q Who lost the list of passwords for the Gryffindor tower in Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban?
^ Neville Longbottom
A Dean Thomas
B Neville Longbottom
C Ron Weasley
D Padma Patil

#Q In Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, who was bitten by the werewolf Fenfir Greyback?
^ Bill
A Ron
B Bill
C Charlie
D Percy

#Q Who killed Dumbledore in Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince?
^ Professor Snape
A Professor Binns
B Lucius Malfoy
C Professor Snape
D Bellatrix Lestrange

#Q What is James Potter called by Lily Evans in Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix?
^ A selfish, bullying toerag
A A bullying, selfish git
B A big-headed git
C A selfish, bullying toerag
D An ignorant git

#Q What house was Cho Chang in, as explained in Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, Order of the Pheonix, and Goblet of Fire?
^ Ravenclaw
A Griffyndor
B Slytherin
C Hufflepuff
D Ravenclaw

#Q Who gave Dudley a pigs tail using a pink umbrella in the book Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone?
^ Rubeus Hagrid
A Draco Malfoy
B Rubeus Hagrid
C Vernon Dursley
D Harry Potter

#Q Does Harry arrive at Privet Drive with Dumbledore in the first book of the Harry Potter series?
^ No
A No
B Yes

#Q In Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone, after getting off the Hogwarts Express, how did Harry and his fellow First Years get to the castle?
^ by boat across the lake
A by boat across the lake
B on their broomsticks
C in a flying car
D walking

#Q Who saved Harry from Voldemort in the Forbidden Forest in the first volume of the Harry Potter series?
^ Firenze
A Firenze
B Fred and George Weasley
C Albus Dumbledore
D Hermione Granger

#Q In Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone, Severus Snape bewitches Harrys broom during the Quidditch match between Gryffindor and Sytherin.
^ False
A False
B True

#Q Why were Harry and Hermione at the top of the tallest astronomy tower when they were caught by Filch in Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone?
^ They were giving Norbert to Charlies friends.
A They were giving Norbert to Charlies friends.
B They were having a meal.
C They were fighting Death Eaters.
D They were doing their homework.

#Q It is stated in the first book of the Harry Potter series that Harry received his first Nimbus Two Thousand broom in the second year of his education at Hogwarts.
^ False
A False
B True

#Q What was Harry Potters first Famous Witch and Wizards card according to the first volume of the series?
^ Albus Dumbledore
A Godric Gryffindor
B Albus Dumbledore
C Helga Hufflepuff
D Merlin

#Q Did Harry, Ron and Hermione encounter a Venomous Tentacula in the first book of the series, after dropping through the trapdoor that Fluffy was guarding?
^ No
A Yes
B No

#Q Who gave Harry his invisibility cloak in Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone?
^ Dumbledore
A Dumbledore
B Molly Weasley
C Hermione
D Hagrid

#Q In which Stephen King story do we meet the evil Randall Flagg?
^ The Stand
A Salems Lot
B It
C Rose Madder
D The Stand

#Q In which Stephen King story do we meet a banker from Maine named Andy Dufresne?
^ Shawshank Redemption
A Shawshank Redemption
B Children of the Corn
C Cujo
D Needful Things

#Q Paul Edgecomb is a character in which Stephen King story?
^ The Green Mile
A Misery
B Dolores Claiborne
C Graveyard Shift
D The Green Mile

#Q Jud Crandall and Louis Creed are characters in which Stephen King story?
^ Pet Sematary
A Christine
B Pet Sematary
C The Lawnmower Man
D Night Shift

#Q In which Stephen King story do we meet a red-headed character named Malachai?
^ Children of the Corn
A Children of the Corn
B The Tommyknockers
C Firestarter
D The Shining

#Q In which Stephen King story are we introduced to a recovering alcoholic named Jack Torrance?
^ The Shining
A The Shining
B Creepshow
C The Boogeyman
D Thinner

#Q Billy Halleck, a rather rotund lawyer, is a character from which Stephen King story?
^ Thinner
A Insomnia
B Thinner
C Rose Madder
D Storm of the Century

#Q The paraplegic Marty Coslaw is a character in which Stephen King story?
^ Silver Bullet
A The Stand
B Bag of Bones
C Night Shift
D Silver Bullet

#Q In which Stephen King story to we meet the intriguing stranger Andre Linoge?
^ Storm of the Century
A Misery
B Salems Lot
C Carrie
D Storm of the Century

#Q The former nurse Annie Wilkes is a character from which Stephen King story?
^ Misery
A Dolores Claiborne
B Rose Madder
C Firestarter
D Misery

#Q Pennywise is introduced to us in a storm sewer from which Stephen King story?
^ It
A Creepshow
B Pet Sematary
C It
D Needful Things

#Q Johnny Smith is a character that awakens from a coma in which Stephen King story?
^ The Dead Zone
A The Green Mile
B The Dead Zone
C The Tommyknockers
D Graveyard Shift

#Q Arnie Cunninghams character is a nerdy high school student from which Stephen King story?
^ Christine
A Children of the Corn
B Christine
C Cujo
D Carrie

#Q What fantasy series tells us first about a sword, then about the elfstones and finally about a wishsong?
^ Shannara
A Shannara
B Dragon Riders of Pern
C Sword of Truth
D Chronicles of Narnia

#Q In this sci-fi story, a young boy is given advanced training and then tricked into destroying an invading an alien fleet.
^ Enders Game
A Enders Game
B The Boat of a Million Years
C Wisdom Beyond Fear
D Harsh Reality

#Q Which author describes the worlds of the Belgariad and the Malloreon?
^ David Eddings
A David Eddings
B Terry Goodkind
C J. R. R. Tolkien
D Robert Jordan

#Q The fictional spice-drug Melange has a central role in which Sci-fi epic?
^ DUNE
A The Black Legion
B The Pirates of Orion
C War of the Worlds
D DUNE

#Q This fantasy series features channelers, who can control the One Power, a mighty force that comes from the True Source, and is separated into two halves: a male part -saidin, and a female one - saidar.
^ The Wheel of Time
A The Wheel of Time
B Running with the Demon
C Ring World
D Corinthia

#Q This series depicts a unicorn-riding wizard, who is actually a contestant in a game show, in the futuristic world of Proton.
^ Apprentice Adept
A Endless Recursion
B Xanth
C Apprentice Adept
D The Divided Wolrd

#Q This popular fantasy series tells the story of a small human-like character, sent on a mission to save the world. He has to destroy an item of dark and terrible power by casting it into the fires of the mountain, where it was made.
^ Lord of the Rings
A The Wheel of Time
B The Chronicles of Narnia
C The Sword of Truth
D Lord of the Rings

#Q Which Fantasy Series tells the story of  the War Wizard, Richard Rahl?
^ The Sword of Truth
A The Wheel of Time
B Greystone Trilogy
C The Sword of Truth
D Battle Mage Trilogy

#Q Which sci-fi classic features the story of an alien invasion thwarted by earths microorganisms?
^ War of the Worlds
A Speaker for the Dead
B Close Encounters
C 2001: Space Odyssey
D War of the Worlds

#Q Which fantasy series by C.S. Lewis includes a book entitled The Voyage of the Dawn Treader?
^ The Chronicles of Narnia
A The Magic of Xanth
B The Chronicles of Narnia
C Lord of the Rings
D The Pirates of Psion

#Q In the novel Gone with the Wind, what is Scarlett O Haras first name?
^ Katie
A Scarlett
B Carreen
C Melanie
D Katie

#Q Which war is described in the novel Gone with the Wind?
^ The Civil War
A The war in Iraq
B The war of 1812
C The Revolutionary War
D The Civil War

#Q In the novel Gone with the Wind, what was the name of Scarletts first house -- the house she had her childhood in and loved more than anything?
^ Tara
A Tara
B Leps
C Ward
D Yern

#Q How many children did Scarlett have in the novel Gone with the Wind?
^ 3
A 3
B 4
C 1
D 6

#Q In the novel Gone with the Wind, what were the names of the two slaves Scarletts father bought, and what relationship did they have?
^ DIlcey and Prissy, mother and daughter
A Dilcey and Prissy, cousins
B DIlcey and Prissy, mother and daughter
C Mammie and Prissy, sisters
D Mammie and Dilcey, best friends

#Q In the novel Gone with the Wind, Scarletts father bought two slaves from Raif Tarleton.
^ False
A False
B True

#Q In the novel Gone with the Wind, Dilcey had two children.
^ True
A True
B False

#Q Name the 19th century novel, which begins with the following sentence: ‘It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune, must be in want of a wife.’
^ Pride and Prejudice
A Sense and Sensibility
B North and South
C Pride and Prejudice
D Vanity Fair

#Q This quote is from a novel which focuses on the myth of hedonism: ‘The only way to get rid of a temptation is to yield to it. Resist it, and your soul grows sick with longing for the things it has forbidden to itself, with desire for what its monstrous laws have made monstrous and unlawful.’  Name the novel.
^ The Picture of Dorian Gray
A Lady Chatterleys Lover
B The Picture of Dorian Gray
C A Portrait of the Artist As a Young Man
D Ulysses

#Q The following quote is from a novel which describes a society, characterized mainly by the lack of freedom: ‘Freedom is the freedom to say that two plus two make four. If that is granted, all else follows.’  Name the novel.
^ 1984
A A Good man in Africa
B 1984
C Lord of the Flies
D Heart of Darkness

#Q The main character from this literary work by Philip Roth addresses the following words to his domineering and meticulous Jewish mother: ‘Because to be bad, Mother, that is the real struggle: to be bad and to enjoy it. That is what makes men of us boys.’
^ Portnoys Complaint
A Portnoys Complaint
B My Life As a Man
C The Sun Also Rises
D The Catcher in the Rye

#Q In this novel, with the following sentences, David Lodge sums up the fact that his Catholic characters ceased to believe in the existence of hell: ‘At some point in the nineteen-sixties, Hell disappeared. No one could say for certain when this happened. First it was there and then it wasn’t.
^ How Far Can You Go
A The Remains of the Day
B How Far Can You Go
C The Bloody Chamber
D The Silence in the Garden

#Q The following quote is from a literary work by Kurt Vonnegut in which the characters search for an important and dangerous substance called ‘ice-nine’: ‘Beware of the man who works hard to learn something, learns it, and finds himself no wiser than before. He is full of murderous resentment of people who are ignorant without having come by their ignorance the hard way.’  Name the literary work.
^ Cats Cradle
A Breakfast of Champions
B Cats Cradle
C Catch-22
D Slaughterhouse 5

#Q The following speculation is from a novel set in the gloomy Fen Country of East Anglia: ‘Realitys not strange, not unexpected. Reality doesnt reside in the sudden hallucination of events. Reality is uneventfulness, vacancy, flatness. Reality is that nothing happens. How many of the events of history have occurred, ask yourselves, for this and for that reason, but for no other reason, fundamentally, than the desire to make things happen?’  Can you name the novel?
^ Waterland
A Times Arrow
B Last Orders
C Waterland
D Sugar and Rum

#Q This quote is from a novel by Somerset Maugham, which tells the story of a young man searching for the meaning of life:  ‘It is an illusion that youth is happy, an illusion of those who have lost it; but the young know they are wretched, for they are full of the truthless ideals which have been instilled into them and each time they come in contact with the real they are bruised and wounded.
^ Of Human Bondage
A Of Human Bondage
B Theatre
C Sons and Lovers
D Dombey and Son

#Q In this novel, the following words are said by the protagonist, Isadora Wing, who is in pursuit of liberation: ‘I was nobody’s baby now. Liberated. Utterly free. It was the most terrifying sensation I’d ever known in my life. Like teetering on the edge of the Grand Canyon and hoping you’d learn to fly before you hit the bottom.
^ Fear of Flying
A A Good Man Is Hard to Find
B Editha
C Tropic of Cancer
D Fear of Flying

#Q This is a quote from a novel in which the action takes place in a mental institution: ‘You have to laugh at the things that hurt you just to keep yourself in balance, just to keep the world from running you plumb crazy.’  Name the novel.
^ ‘One Flew Over the Cuckoo’s Nest’
A ‘One Flew Over the Cuckoo’s Nest’
B Lost in the Funhouse
C Something Happened
D The Winter of Our Discontent

#Q After Dr. Seuss used 236 different words to write The Cat in the Hat, his publisher, Bennett Cerf, bet $50 that Seuss could not write a book of only fifty words. Seuss won the bet with this book in 1960.
^ Green Eggs and Ham
A Hop on Pop
B Theres a Wocket in My Pocket!
C Green Eggs and Ham
D One Fish Two Fish Red Fish Blue Fish

#Q Published in January 1990, this is the last book written and illustrated by Dr. Seuss. In the US, its a popular graduation gift.
^ Oh, the Places Youll Go!
A My Book about ME
B I Am NOT Going to Get Up Today!
C Oh, the Places Youll Go!
D Fox in Socks

#Q The plot of this 1984 Seuss satire has been likened to the war between Blefuscu and Lilliput in Jonathan Swifts Gullivers Travel and their war over which end of an egg is supposed to be cracked.
^ The Butter Battle Book
A The Butter Battle Book
B Oh Say Can You Say?
C Green Eggs and Ham
D Theres a Wocket in My Pocket!

#Q Youre a Mean One, Mr. Grinch, one of the most famous songs from the 1966 animated TV special How the Grinch Stole Christmas!, was sung by the narrator Boris Karloff.
^ False
A True
B False

#Q The title of this 1956 Dr. Seuss book has become a popular phrase used to introduce an opinion.
^ If I Ran the Circus
A If I Ran the Circus
B Oh Say Can You Say?
C If I Ran the Zoo
D And to Think That I Saw It on Mulberry Street

#Q Published in 1937, this is Dr. Seusss first book. Its main character Marco is based on Marco McClintock, the son of Mike McClintock, Seuss editor, and Helene McClintock, to whom he dedicated the book.
^ And to Think That I Saw It on Mulberry Street
A Theres a Wocket in My Pocket!
B And to Think That I Saw It on Mulberry Street
C Horton Hatches the Egg
D The Cat in the Hat

#Q In this 1954 Dr. Seuss book the moral of the story (and a repeated phrase throughout the book) is: a persons a person no matter how small. This was the first of two Seuss books starring this kind-hearted elephant.
^ Horton Hears a Who!
A Hop on Pop
B Theres a Wocket in My Pocket!
C Horton Hears a Who!
D Hooper Humperdink...? Not Him!

#Q This 1971 Dr. Seuss book about a mossy,  bossy creature, the Once-ler and the Truffula trees has been banned by some schools and libraries for its anti-forestry industry content.
^ The Lorax
A The Butter Battle Book
B Horton Hears a Who!
C Fox in Socks
D The Lorax

#Q What book by Dr. Seuss contains the quote: When a Fox is in the bottle where the Tweetle Beetles battle with their paddles in a puddle on a noodle-eating poodle, THIS is what they call......a Tweetle Beetle Noodle Poodle Bottled Paddled Muddled Duddled Fuddled Wuddled Fox In Socks, Sir!?
^ Fox in Socks
A The 500 Hats of Bartholomew Cubbins
B If I Ran the Circus
C Fox in Socks
D Oh, the Places Youll Go!

#Q Voyage of the Dawn Treader was written by this author.
^ C S Lewis
A T S Elliot
B C S Lewis
C Lewis Carrol
D Brothers Grimm

#Q This famous childrens poet wrote Where the Sidewalk Ends and The Giving Tree.
^ Shel Silverstien
A Dr Seuss
B none of these
C Lewis Carrol
D Shel Silverstien

#Q Dante Alighieri (1265-1321) probably began this work in 1306. Its first canto begins with: Midway upon the journey of our life I found myself within a forest dark, for the straightforward pathway had been lost.
^ The Divine Comedy
A Troilus and Cressida
B The Divine Comedy
C The Decameron
D Gargantua and Pantagruel

#Q The Canterbury Tales is a collection of stories written by Geoffrey Chaucer. It recounts the tales told by individuals on a pilgrimage to the shrine of Saint Thomas Becket at Canterbury Cathedral. Which of the following was not a character in this work?
^ Tax Collector
A Physician
B Reeve
C Tax Collector
D Yeoman

#Q In the novel Don Quixote by Spanish author Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra, who is the witty squire and companion to Alonso Quixano?
^ Sancho Panza
A Aldonzo Lorenzo
B Antonio de la Gandara
C Che Guevara
D Sancho Panza

#Q In this tragic play by William Shakespeare, three witches tell a general in the army of King Duncan that he will never be vanquishd until Great Birnam wood to high Dunsinane Hill shall come against him.
^ Macbeth
A The Tempest
B Macbeth
C Hamlet
D Titus Andronicus

#Q This 1971 novel by Anthony Burgess relates the story of a fifteen-year-old boy named Alex, who, with his gang members (known as droogs) roam the streets at night, committing violent crimes for enjoyment.
^ A Clockwork Orange
A Helter Skelter
B A Clockwork Orange
C Fahrenheit 451
D Catcher in the Rye

#Q The famous line In the room the women come and go, talking of Michelangelo is from the poem The Love Song of J. Alfred Prufrock by this influential 20th century poet.
^ T. S. Eliot
A W. H. Auden
B Robert Browning
C Robert Frost
D T. S. Eliot

#Q This great work of Russian literature by Fyodor Dostoevsky features the character Raskolnikov, an impoverished St. Petersburg student who kills an unscrupulous pawnbroker.
^ Crime and Punishment
A Dead Souls
B And Quiet Flows the Don
C The Brothers Karamazov
D Crime and Punishment

#Q This novel by Charles Dickens, published in 1850, is considered his most autobiographical. It begins with: Whether I shall turn out to be the hero of my own life, or whether that station will be held by anybody else, these pages must show. Characters include Wilkins Micawber and Uriah Heep.
^ David Copperfield
A Great Expectations
B David Copperfield
C A Tale of Two Cities
D Bleak House

#Q As Gregor Samsa awoke one morning from uneasy dreams he found himself transformed in his bed into a gigantic insect is the opening line to this famous work of German fiction by Franz Kafka.
^ The Metamorphosis
A The Metamorphosis
B Thus Spoke Zarathustra
C As I Lay Dying
D Heart of Darkness

#Q This novel by Charlotte Brontë includes the character Mr. Rochester, whose wife is a violent lunatic.
^ Jane Eyre
A Jane Eyre
B Wuthering Heights
C A Room with a View
D The Turn of the Screw

#Q Fifteen men on the dead mans chest— Yo-ho-ho, and a bottle of rum! is a famous line from Treasure Island, a novel by this author published in 1883.
^ Robert Louis Stevenson
A James Fenimore Cooper
B Robert Louis Stevenson
C Ralph Waldo Emerson
D William Makepeace Thackeray

#Q Death be not proud, though some have called thee mighty and dreadfull, for, thou art not so is a portion of a work by this poet who lived from 1572-1631.
^ John Donne
A John Milton
B John Donne
C Lord Byron
D William Blake

#Q In what 1851 novel would you find the characters Ishmael, Captain Ahab, Queequeg and Starbuck?
^ Moby Dick by Herman Melville
A Voyage of the Dawn Treader by C. S. Lewis
B Heart of Darkness by Joseph Conrad
C Moby Dick by Herman Melville
D The Jungle by Upton Sinclair

#Q This early Anglo-Saxon work, possibly from the 800s, features the antagonist Grendel, a descendant of Cain who invades the mead-hall of the Danes and eats the men within. The title character ultimately beheads Grendel and keeps it as a trophy.
^ Beowulf
A Oedipus Rex
B Morte Arthure
C Beowulf
D Epic of Gilgamesh

#Q In Stephen Kings novel Bag of Bones, what is the location of the Noonans summer home?
^ Sarah Laughs
A Sarah Laughs
B Black House
C Parilloud
D Lewiston

#Q What is the name of Dolores Claibornes wealthy employer in the Stephen King novel Dolores Claiborne?
^ Vera Donovan
A Jamie ONeal
B Selena Cook
C Joe St. George
D Vera Donovan

#Q In the horror novel Misery, Annie Wilkes was referred to by the newspapers as what?
^ The Dragon Lady
A The Dragon Lady
B The Baby Slayer
C The Black Widow
D Misery

#Q What is Stephen Kings first published novel?
^ Carrie
A Salems Lot
B Carrie
C The Stand
D The Shining

#Q What novel did Stephen King and Peter Straub co-author in 1983?
^ The Talisman
A Twilight Eyes
B The Talisman
C Black House
D Shadowland

#Q In the novel Cristine, Dennis decides he does not like Christine, because, while sitting in it, he has a vision of the car and the surroundings as they would be in 1957 when the car was new.
^ True
A False
B True

#Q Once in a kingdom called Delain, there was a king with two sons. Delain was a very old kingdom and it had had hundreds of kings, perhaps, even thousands... is the beginning of what book?
^ The Eyes of the Dragon
A The Stand
B The Dark Tower I: The Gunslinger
C The  Dark Tower IV: The Wizard and the Glass
D The Eyes of the Dragon

#Q In the novel Pet Semetary, what is the name of the Creeds cat that is buried and returns to life?
^ Church
A Jud
B Church
C Gage
D Louis

#Q Who fell into the lake?
^ Dennis
A Neville
B Colin
C Hermione
D Dennis

#Q George used the Jelly-Legs curse on Goyle.
^ False
A True
B False

#Q On what day did Percy say he would have the report ready for Mr Crouch?
^ Tuesday
A Monday
B Thursday
C Friday
D Tuesday

#Q Goblet of Fire started a series of deaths in the books. Who died in Goblet of Fire?
^ Cedric Diggory
A Wormtail
B Padfoot
C Dumbledore
D Cedric Diggory

#Q Harry rescued Hermione from the Merpeople.
^ False
A True
B False

#Q Where do Harry Potter and Ron leave the chocolate cakes for Crabbe and Goyle to find?
^ At the end of the banister
A On the Floor
B At the end of the banister
C Floating near the entrance to the Slytherin Common Room
D Floating mid-air in the exit of the Great Hall

#Q In chapter one of Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, Harry has Snapes essay on Sleeping Draughts hidden under the floorboard.
^ False
A True
B False

#Q In chapter 7 of Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, titled The Boggart in the Wardrobe, a severed hand comes out of the wardrobe for Seamus Finnegan.
^ No
A No
B Yes

#Q How long does Dudleys tongue become, after eating Fred and Georges candies, in the fourth book of the Harry Potter series?
^ 1 ft.
A 1 ft.
B 2 ft.
C 2.5 ft.
D 3 ft.

#Q Rons Christmas gift to Dobby in Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire is a tea cozy.
^ False
A False
B True

#Q What room does Harry Potter go to for his hearing in the 5th book of the series?
^ Courtroom 10
A Courtroom 10
B Courtroom13
C Courtroom 11
D Courtroom 7

#Q In chapter 24 of book 5, what breaks Snapes attempt to use Legilimency on Harry Potter?
^ The vision of Cedrics dead body
A Fluffys attack on Harry, Hermione and Ron
B The vision of Cedrics dead body
C Voldemorts re-birth
D The Dementors kiss on Sirius

#Q The weapon that Voldemort wanted in book 5 of the Harry Potter series was Harry.
^ No
A No
B Yes

#Q Who wrote the novel Gone With the Wind?
^ Margaret Mitchell
A Margaret Mitchell
B Pansey OHara
C Ann Marie Tyler
D Jacqueline Susan

#Q In 2000, Alice Randall wrote a new version of Gone With the Wind in which the story is told from the point of view of the slaves. What was the name of this novel?
^ The Wind Done Gone
A Scarletts Troubles
B Went With the Wind
C The Wind Done Gone
D Tomorrow Aint  Another Day

#Q In 1962, the best known music theme from the movie Gone with the Wind often called Taras Theme, was made into a hit record on the pop charts. Which group had a 1962 hit with My Own True Love?
^ The Duprees
A The Coasters
B The Dovells
C The Duprees
D The Shangri-Las

#Q Who portrayed Ashley Wilkes in the popular movie Gone with the Wind?
^ Leslie Howard
A Gary Cooper
B Groucho Marx
C Leslie Howard
D Voctor Jory

#Q Excluding the opening music, the intermission, and exit music, how long does the movie Gone with the Wind run?
^ 222 minutes
A 148 minutes
B 127 minutes
C 180 minutes
D 222 minutes

#Q Three men are given credit as directors of the movie Gone with the Wind. Which one of the following directors is not among them?
^ Raoul Walsh
A Sam Wood
B Raoul Walsh
C George Cukor
D Victor Fleming

#Q The company that produced Gone with the Wind was fined because Rhett  Butler says the word damn in his famous line: Frankly my dear, I dont give a damn.
^ False
A True
B False

#Q How muc